File	Speaker	Start	End	Transcript
LothianDiaries_54	54	0.0	52.59 Uh, I find Lockdown very strange It's a peculiar time surprised it's gone on for fourteen weeks now. I've been O. K. I think I've been with my wife and son we have a flat with um four rooms so we have enough space which is lucky. We've spent a lot of time cooking um lot of time cooking and doing things together which has mostly been quite nice the odd Wee argument. um, my general day I get up about nine sleep in a bit later than usual I go on the Internet for about an hour read the news or things Uh then I start work my son my son is in third year at school so have been working with him that's been the main highlight of it that I know home schooling is difficult for lots of people but
LothianDiaries_54	54	52.8	112.25	He's actually done very well and his education has come on in leaps and bounds he didn't particularly like school so he wasn't doing that well at school now home schooling has done well for him but an awful lot of work. Then I go for a walk or some exercise or ride my bike or something like that That's my usual day. a lot of time spent shopping planning meals emptying the Dishwasher if you Cook all the time there was a lot more dishes to be done things like that. um, the worst thing about it is that I used to be very active and now I'm not my body is really starting to ache. I dunno why if that's because I've been sitting on seats too long or something but my bum and my thighs Uh and my sort of Aptimum is just getting a bit sore I can't do I used to be quite fit I honestly can't do a single press up it hurts my sort of Tummy so much. don't know why that is but I think it's hugely to do with being inactive and sitting about I've tried to do exercise at home but don't really like it. We go for walks and cycles but I'm surprised how sore It's got.
LothianDiaries_54	54	112.32	114.14	Um
LothianDiaries_54	54	114.16	250.33	Uh haven't really learnt anything new during Lockdown. done a bit of singing practice used to sing in a choir. I've learned cook a few things happen before which I haven't before. I've done some D. I. Y. in the house which would have taken a long time so I'm pleased I've got those things done, not really learnt much from that but had time to do these properly which is good. um I've been working from home I'm a teacher I've been doing some lessons Online. um, I find that very Unsatisfying um I think the kids I've taught their education has not progressed very far um. Online teaching is is really not very good It's quite good for conveying information like a lec-- a lecture but sort of explaining stuff or answering their questions is very difficult. It works well with very self disciplined kids or organised kids but since most kids aren't like that it's got disadvantages. OK There's a place for it as a lecture but not really as a substitute for face to face teaching and that I think is what I've found very unsatisfactory. It is also is all the boring parts of teaching without the the more satisfying bits of actually making sure someone understands. I've not particularly liked that. um There's also a lot of time spent on I. T. and a lot of time spent Sorting out the Microsoft teams which is what I've been working with or zoom or anything else little technical problems taking a lot of time for that. um, bright spots have principally been I have been I've been Uh eating sit Uh as I say my son's education is probably the the main bright spot of that I've enjoyed it I quite like my work but it's not a huge part of my identity so I've been O. K. I'm here with my wife and my son and We've generally got on fairly well but as I say nice to have enough space. I really feel about Lockdown that there some people who are going to be absolutely stuffed I think if you had money worries or if you had Uh mental health problems or you didn't live anywhere Uh near some green space I live quite near Inverleith park so that's been good. Uh I don't have a garden but we're O. K. Cos we're quite near the park but I think some people if you're in a small house
LothianDiaries_54	54	250.33	314.15	And you were worried about money or you had poor Internet or it was just a bit Claustrophobic didn't have a space to go to I think it would be absolutely terrible. So I really worry for some people um Uh I think they are going to have a very difficult time. Some people are scared and haven't left the house and if my sort of health physical fitness has deteriorated when I have been out exercising Uh it must be terrible for people who really left at all. um I do feel for other people now a worry slightly that the economy's is gonna tank and is gonna have some long term unemployment and that's gonna be horrible thing so when that comes that's gonna be the next thing. I think as a teacher some kids at school have gone will have really gone backwards and that's a shame I'm not quite sure if anything could be done about that but it's still sad nonetheless and as I say when this finishes and what I worry what I'm interested in what society is gonna be like and I think some people are gonna be in a terrible state. OK That's my That's my Video diary.
