File	Speaker	Start	End	Transcript
LothianDiaries_60	60	0.51	20.19	Hello I'm{ Shaney/ Jenny}, I'm from Hong Kong, and I'm now an MSc student studying at the University of Edinburgh. It's the first time that I have been away from home for such a long time. Now I live in West mains road which is a university accommodation.
LothianDiaries_60	60	20.24	71.32	For my life before Covid, I mainly went to school on{ the} weekdays and at the weekends I like staying in my room, enjoying some alone time, like listening to music and watching movies. I also liked exploring new places like going hiking, as well as visiting museums. One special thing is I really like walking here, the scenery and air is really good in Edinburgh, so if it's not too cold I would walk from my accommodation to school or even Princes Street and then back. so on average I usually walked for two hours for three or four times per week and surprisingly I lost ten pounds because of the walk.
LothianDiaries_60	60	71.51	111.91	Um during Covid I got really worried because I have always had health anxiety. My anxiety has subsided a little bit over time, but it got really serious again during Covid. I was very scared that I would die in such a Faraway place from home. I'm worried about parents, if anything bad happens to me, my parents would definitely come here to care for me but that would put them{ in/ at} risk of contracting Covid, as taking flights and travelling between airports would definitely increase their chance of infection.
LothianDiaries_60	60	112.6	155.16	At the very beginning I bought a lot of Sanitary products, detergent, soap and Handwash. I also had poorer relationship with my Flatmates. Some Flatmates told me that they even thought I was angry at them, but I was actually just practising social distancing. and, um, I had distrust in lots of them so I didn't want to talk to them too much because I'm afraid of contracting the virus. I had also been reading the news almost twenty four seven to keep track of the situation worldwide. um, the U K approach at the initial stage
LothianDiaries_60	60	155.19	226.03	Also worried me heavily because it said to be adopting a herd immunity approach and the citizens' mentality towards the virus at the beginning also differed largely from people in my home town. um, because Hong Kong has been hit by dangerous viruses throughout the decades, like Sars, swine flu, et cetera, and Hong Kong is also one of the most Densely populated places in the world so therefore we like taking precautions at a very early stage. er, in Hong Kong It's odd if you do not wear a mask outside but it's the opposite here. As I, Uh, read from Twitter and Facebook comments, many Westerners believe that it is Scaremongering and Over-Reacting to take extra precautions. I was almost paralysed and I couldn't do anything apart from reading the news and worry. Some friends told me to stop reading the news but I thought this virus is developing very quickly and we should
LothianDiaries_60	60	226.03	327.38	Get the first hand information so that we can have a better chance of survival. and such anxious state has actually lasted for more than two months, but later I started to feel better because the Scottish approach is different from the larger U K approach and Covid in Scotland has been reducing consistently. all sorts of people in my flat behaved, um, safely and consistently. They put me at ease and the citizens in the Lothian region that I'm living in are also very responsible and sensible. Sometimes when I go out for a walk people would just turn to another path when they see, you know, someone walking towards them. I also see more and more people wearing face masks and as the, um, Covid situation has got, um, better in recent days we even had Potlucks and{ singing} nights. I have also been using the time to read books and study after I'm able to calm down. But Unfortunately I also gained back the ten Pouds that I had lost because of staying at home and emotional fluctuation. So I really look forward to going back to my normal life. I have drawn up a list of plans about where I want to go, what I want to do, after the virus{ has been} eliminated. I think the most important thing is to stay hopeful and that is the only thing we can do in a pandemic of this size.
