File	Speaker	Start	End	Transcript
LothianDiaries_30	30	2.4	142.91	Hi my name's Stuart I'm thirty six and I'm from Edinburgh. I guess my life's changed, Erm, quite significantly during Lockdown, Erm, from the start, Erm, like many other businesses our offices closed, Erm, and we had to move to a way of home work, Erm, working, Erm, which has been a challenge, as we were never set up, Erm, as a company that, Uh, that wasn't able to do that. However, Erm, we have, um, managed to continue, Erm, as, as normal as possible, Erm, throughout the entire period, Erm, up to now and we do look forward to certainly getting back to some sort of, Erm, of Normality. I guess one of the biggest changes is that feeling of waking up, working, eating, sleeping in the exact same place has been difficult and it's quite hard to shut off. I'm quite lucky that I have, Erm, two bedrooms, so I can separate one into more of an office, Erm, and making sure that at the end of the working day, Erm, you leave that space, you don't sit there for, for any longer than is, is really necessary and again I guess very important to, to get out and about and, um, get some fresh air. er, I guess I count myself as quite lucky, also as I, Uh, I have a dog, so that forces you to go out, even on days that you don't particularly really want to. Erm, I guess not seeing family and friends has been difficult, Erm, when you're using, er, video, eh, Apps, eh, daily through work to then go on to more Video Communication'S quite draining at times, er, but it does have its advantages that you can see someone, and you can see people are further away that you might not have seen as often, so I think it has increased a lot of communication. I guess before Lockdown a typical day would be getting up, Erm, getting washed and dressed, er, taking the dog out, travelling into work, Erm, Socialising with colleagues, er, friends, Erm, going out at lunchtime, go into different shops, having a quick look around, going back into work, going back home, cooking a nice dinner, or meeting up with, with friends for drinks, Erm, particularly on a weekend, er, obviously a lot of that's changed. Erm, not being able to meet up with friends and have that escape, Erm
LothianDiaries_30	30	142.91	168.09	Going home is, is, it's not the same anymore, you, you're at home anyway, so It's, it's not like you have the opportunity, I think the, the daily kind of trips that you might make, Erm, just to, to get a newspaper or something, is, is become less, less and less necessary to do that. hardest part, Erm, during Lockdown is, I guess, the uncertainty, not knowing if it was going to change, Erm, not knowing if things were going to get better and not knowing what
LothianDiaries_30	30	168.09	244.62	New normal really will look like. That's been the hardest part, is, is dealing with that, I think, emotionally more than anything else. in terms of learning new skills or taking up any new hobbies, Erm, I would say more, it's been an opportunity to, to Hone in on some skills, Erm, particularly {LG} in regards to cooking, Erm, so {I've} been doing a lot of baking, in terms of, Erm, bread, when the, especially when there was a lack of, I was quite lucky that I had flour and all the ingredients that I already needed, so things like making your own Pizza and, er, making some sweet treats, and bits and pieces like that. Erm, working from home's definitely been a challenge, Erm, more so, Erm, for other members of the team. I think being a manager {then} ensuring that you've got the trust in them, that you know that they're all doing what they're supposed to be doing, when they're supposed to be doing it. I know They've got family commitments, so There's been a, a kinda juggling act there. um, I guess not just sitting in the office and being able to see your colleague, again, going on a Video call is not quite the same {SPN} just taking a quick trip, Erm, down the hallway to say hello or to say How's your weekend been. Erm, again I think the workload has dramatically increased and we're all working to a new form of c-- capacity in a way, and again having, Erm, the space
LothianDiaries_30	30	244.94	273.74	Has been not so much of a challenge but it's been a bit of an inconvenience having all this Tech, like a laptop, Desktop installed and, Erm, I guess the cost of electricity's almost doubled. um, bright spots about the Lockdown, Yeah, participated in some family birthdays via zoom, which has been fun, we've had, Erm, a few more staff team social events like pub Quizzes things like that, Erm, again, I guess, sometimes when it was
LothianDiaries_30	30	273.75	330.51	More strict {SPN} Lockdown having the dog and being able to go out, at {sort of} six in the morning or whatever time in the evening, and it was, Uh, it was quiet, it was nice actually to walk round the city a little bit, Erm, seeing it, it was a lot cleaner, Erm, I guess with the, the levels of pollution dropping. Erm, so myself, it's just myself I'm in Lockdown with, Erm, I live, obviously, just with my dog, Erm, so the dog's doing fine, um, don't think he'll be looking forward to me going back to work, Erm, if at all that actually happens in terms of, we have had discussions that we may not return to full office work, there'll be certain roles like myself that can choose, or opt to do more Home-Working, so I think a blended mix of that, Erm, would be good, and I think That'll be good for the, the mental health of my own dog, Erm, not having separation, separation anxiety once I leave. Erm, well I guess that's it for me, thank you, Bye.
